Add ADR for extending System Card to facilitate for EU AI Act (#163)
MinBZK/ai-validation: docs/projects/tad/reporting-standard/latest.md

    2. `link` (OPTIONAL, string). URI pointing towards the contents of the law.
17. `used_data` (OPTIONAL, string). An overview of the data that is used in the system.
18. `technical_design` (OPTIONAL, string). Description on how the system works.
19. `external_providers` (OPTIONAL, list). If relevant, these fields allow to store information on external providers.
 There can be multiple external providers.
    1. `name` (OPTIONAL, string). Name of the external provider.

>     2. `version` (OPTIONAL, string). Version of the external provider reflecting its relation to previous versions.

Reviewer: I am not sure if a version makes a lot of sense here. This field was included because of the algoritmeregister, where a field "external provider" is present. Usually this is filled with the name of a company, not a specific product. On the other hand, since all these fields are optional, it's maybe also ok to provide a version field. I am not sure though.

Author: I understand your consideration. The reason this is proposed to be included is that we than give space to document all information of the general description of the EU AI Act in one go.

20. `references` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Additional reference URI's that point information about the system
and are relevant.
21. `interaction_details` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Explain how the AI system interacts with hardware or software,
including other AI systems, or how the AI system can be used to interact with hardware or software.
22. `version_requirements` (OPTIONAL, string). Describe the versions of the relevant software or firmware,
 and any requirements related to version updates.
23. `deployment_variants` (OPTIONAL, string). Description of all the forms in which the AI system is placed
on the market or put into service, such as software packages embedded into hardware, downloads, or APIs.
24. `hardware_requirements` (OPTIONAL, string). Provide a description of the hardware on which the AI system must be run.
25. `product_markings` (OPTIONAL, string). If the AI system is a component of products, photos, or illustrations,
describe the external features, markings, and internal layout of those products.
26. `user_interface` (OPTIONAL, string). Provide a basic description of the user interface provided

> to the user responsible for its operation.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't want to allow for something more? A screenshot? A link to the UI?

 There can be multiple external providers.
    1. `name` (OPTIONAL, string). Name of the external provider.
    2. `version` (OPTIONAL, string). Version of the external provider reflecting its relation to previous versions.
20. `references` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Additional reference URI's that point information about the system
and are relevant.
21. `interaction_details` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Explain how the AI system interacts with hardware or software,
including other AI systems, or how the AI system can be used to interact with hardware or software.
22. `version_requirements` (OPTIONAL, string). Describe the versions of the relevant software or firmware,
 and any requirements related to version updates.
23. `deployment_variants` (OPTIONAL, string). Description of all the forms in which the AI system is placed
on the market or put into service, such as software packages embedded into hardware, downloads, or APIs.
24. `hardware_requirements` (OPTIONAL, string). Provide a description of the hardware on which the AI system must be run.
25. `product_markings` (OPTIONAL, string). If the AI system is a component of products, photos, or illustrations,

> describe the external features, markings, and internal layout of those products.

Reviewer 3: Are these items indeed a string, or would a list be better?

Author: Yes indeed, I think so too!

    2. `version` (OPTIONAL, string). Version of the external provider reflecting its relation to previous versions.
20. `references` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Additional reference URI's that point information about the system
and are relevant.
21. `interaction_details` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Explain how the AI system interacts with hardware or software,
including other AI systems, or how the AI system can be used to interact with hardware or software.
22. `version_requirements` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Describe the versions of the relevant software or firmware,
 and any requirements related to version updates.
23. `deployment_variants` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Description of all the forms in which the AI system is placed
on the market or put into service, such as software packages embedded into hardware, downloads, or APIs.
24. `hardware_requirements` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). Provide a description of the hardware on
which the AI system must be run.
25. `product_markings` (OPTIONAL, list[string]). If the AI system is a component of products, photos, or illustrations,
describe the external features, markings, and internal layout of those products.

> 26. `user_interface` (OPTIONAL, string). Provide a basic description of the user interface provided
> to the user responsible for its operation.
>     1. `link` (OPTIONAL, string). A link to the user interface can be included.
>     2. `snapshot` (OPTIONAL, string). A snapshot/screenshot of the user interface can be included with the use of a hyperlink.

Reviewer 3: @ravimeijerrig this would not result in a valid YAML. What do you think of the following suggestion? If you agree, we should also update the example for this key.

```suggestion
26. `user_interface` (OPTIONAL, list). Provide information on the user interface provided
to the user responsible for its operation.
    1. `description` (OPTIONAL, string). A description of the provided user interface.
    2. `link` (OPTIONAL, string). A link to the user interface can be included.
    3. `snapshot` (OPTIONAL, string). A snapshot/screenshot of the user interface can be included with the use of a hyperlink.
```

used_data: {system_used_data}                           # Optional. Description of the data used by the system.
technical_design: {technical_design}                    # Optional. Description of the technical design of the system.
external_providers:
- name: {name_external_provider}                        # Optional. Reference to used external providers.
  version: {version_external_provider}                  # Optional. Version used of the external provider.
references:
- {reference_uri}                                       # Optional. Example: URI to codebase.
interaction_details: {system_interaction_details}       # Optional. Example: "GPS modules for location tracking"
version_requirements: {system_version_requirements}     # Optional. Example: "version2.1"
deployment_variants: {system_deployment_variants}       # Optional. Example: "API"
hardware_requirements: {system_hardware_requirements}   # Optional. Example: "8 GB RAM"

> product_markings: {system_product_markings}             # Optional. Example: where the AI system is a component of products, photographs or illustrations showing external features, the marking and internal layout of those products

Reviewer 3: @ravimeijerrig the example here suggests `string` while it should be a list of strings. Can you change this?

## Changelog

> - 0.1a5: adds a general description of high-risk systems for the EU technical documentation.

Reviewer 3: My proposal is to refer to the EU AI Act i.s.o. EU technical documentation. What do you think?

```suggestion
- 0.1a5: adds a general description of the technical documentation required for high-risk systems to conform to the EU AI Act.
```
